Adds 'tenant people profilecardproperty get' command (#5627)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/tenant/people/people-profilecardproperty-get.mdx

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# tenant people profilecardproperty get

Retrieves information about a specific profile card property

## Usage

```sh
m365 tenant people profilecardproperty get [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`-n, --name <name>`

> : The name of the property to retrieve. Allowed values: `userPrincipalName`, `fax`, `streetAddress`, `postalCode`, `stateOrProvince`, `alias`, `customAttribute1`, `customAttribute2`, `customAttribute3`, `customAttribute4`, `customAttribute5`, `customAttribute6`, `customAttribute7`, `customAttribute8`, `customAttribute9`, `customAttribute10`, `customAttribute11`, `customAttribute12`, `customAttribute13`, `customAttribute14`, `customAttribute15`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The name of the property to retrieve. Allowed values: `UserPrincipalName`, `Fax`, `StreetAddress`, `PostalCode`, `StateOrProvince`, `Alias`, `customAttribute1`, `customAttribute2`, `customAttribute3`, `customAttribute4`, `customAttribute5`, `customAttribute6`, `customAttribute7`, `customAttribute8`, `customAttribute9`, `customAttribute10`, `customAttribute11`, `customAttribute12`, `customAttribute13`, `customAttribute14`, `customAttribute15`.
```

> : The name of the property to retrieve. Allowed values: `userPrincipalName`, `faxNumber`, `streetAddress`, `postalCode`, `state`, `mailNickname`, `customAttribute1`, `customAttribute2`, `customAttribute3`, `customAttribute4`, `customAttribute5`, `customAttribute6`, `customAttribute7`, `customAttribute8`, `customAttribute9`, `customAttribute10`, `customAttribute11`, `customAttribute12`, `customAttribute13`, `customAttribute14`, `customAttribute15`.

Reviewer 2: As discussed...

```suggestion
: The name of the property to retrieve. Allowed values: `userPrincipalName`, `fax`, `streetAddress`, `postalCode`, `stateOrProvince`, `alias`, `customAttribute1`, `customAttribute2`, `customAttribute3`, `customAttribute4`, `customAttribute5`, `customAttribute6`, `customAttribute7`, `customAttribute8`, `customAttribute9`, `customAttribute10`, `customAttribute11`, `customAttribute12`, `customAttribute13`, `customAttribute14`, `customAttribute15`.
```
